Corrections to Cisco Duo configuration instructions (#17507)
DataDog/integrations-core: cisco_duo/README.md

1. Sign up for a [**Duo account**][2].
2. Log in to the [**Duo Admin Panel**][3].
3. Navigate to **Applications**.
4. Click **Protect an Application** and locate the entry for _Admin API_ in the applications list.

> 6. Click **Protect** to the far-right to configure the application and get your `integration key`, `secret key`, and `API hostname`. This information will be used during next step to configure Cisco Duo integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Protect** to configure the application and retrieve your `integration key`, `secret key`, and `API hostname`. This information will be used to configure the Cisco Duo integration.
```

> 7. Ensure the _Grant read log_ permission is selected and click **Save Changes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Ensure the _Grant read log_ permission is selected and click **Save Changes**.
```
